Art How can you get a guaranteed win out of this course.
One of my biggest pet peeves when I'm taking a course online is when the instructor just hands me their
course and they don't give me any further assistance.
I can't ask them questions.
If something's not working or something has changed in the program there's nothing I can do about it.
And so that's why I want to offer to you guys one on one.
So make sure you take advantage of that.
But the first thing you need to do to get a win out of this course is you need to take the first step
and get started.
You're already watching this lecture.
But you need to continue forward until you get to your first project lecture where you can create your
first project and have something tangible that you can see that you've drawn.
The second thing is you need to finish the course.
Make sure you go all the way through and do each lecture and do all the assignments in making sure that
you do all the assignments is very important.
There are no great artists out there that got there by not practicing.
And that's why it's so important to make sure you do all the assignments because the point of them is
so that they can practice and the assignments are specifically designed to take you from the beginnings
of drawing all the way to an expert level of drawing.
Also remember take it one step at a time.
You don't have to look at the whole course and think oh I have to take all of this all at once.
Think of it as each lecture equals one day.
Which brings me to my third point.
Make sure that you practice every day.
Make sure you're either doing a sketch or doing one of the assignments or make sure that you're watching
a lecture every single day.
The next thing you need to do to get a guaranteed win out of this course is participate.
When I say participate what this means is first off you need to ask questions.
If you don't ask questions you're just never going to have your questions answered.
So make sure that you take advantage of the fact that I answer all your questions and ask all the questions
that you have.
You can post your questions in the Q&A section of the course which I'll show you how to do here in a
second.
Also make sure you join the Facebook interfamily group this group is a great place to ask questions.
Post your artwork and get feedback from everybody else.
Also if there's anything you need you can go ahead and ask an inner circle family and see if anybody
can help you out in any way.
Now how do you post a question on you to the course all the way you do it is first you need to come
to your course dashboard.
Once you're here you need to come over to where it says Q&A and then you're going to go ahead and search
for your question.
So I might have already answered the question to another student.
And so all you have to do is search right here in this bar and your question actually might come up
and it might already be answered.
So make sure you do that before you ask your question.
If you don't see your question answered then what you want to do is want to come over to ask a new question
and you'll go and click that and then all you have to do is title your question and then add your description
which is basically a question.
Now if you have to add any links you can go ahead and use this linking icon right here.
And if you need to add any images to show me what you're talking about go ahead and use this image insertion.
Now to get you into the habit of sharing and participating in the course.
What I really want you to do is I want you to create a new question and I want you to do this right
now.
Now you're not going to ask a question what I want you to do is I want you to type your name in the
question title and then down here in the description.
I just want you to type out a description of who you are.
What are you working on right now.
You can even include some artwork that you've already done in the past and let us see who you are and
what you're doing.
I'm super interested personally in my students and I'd love to see what you guys are doing and learn
about what it is that you guys want to learn.
So go ahead and share that with us and I super appreciate that.
That brings us to the end of this lecture.
So in this lecture I took you through how to get a guaranteed win out of this course.
So the number one thing is to get started.
Next you need to participate by asking questions and posting in the Facebook group.
Thanks for watching this lecture and I really look forward to seeing you throughout the course.